docs: add usage to README (#34)
ethersphere/swarm-cli: README.md

 $ npm install -g @ethersphere/swarm-cli
```

### From source

See the [Development](##Development) section.

## Usage

The general usage is to provide a command, optionally a subcommand, then arguments and options.

`swarm-cli command [subcommand] <arguments> [options]`

Running a command with the `--help` option prints out the usage of a command.

## Commands

Running `swarm-cli` without arguments prints the available commands:

```
$ swarm-cli
swarm-cli <command>

Commands:
  index.js upload <path>  - Upload file to Swarm
  index.js identity       - Keypair management interface
  index.js feed           - Feed utilities

```

## Example usage

Let's say we want to upload a directory of our website to Swarm and update a feed to point to the newest version. For updating a feed we would need to sign it with an Ethereum key, so first we need to create one with the `identity create` command:

```
swarm-cli identity create
```

This command will ask for a password. After that a new identity is created (named `main`). Now we can use this identity to sign updates. It's also possible to import and export Ethereum JSON V3 format identities that works with other apps (e.g. wallets).

> For uploading to a feed we can use the `feed upload` command. It expects an `identity` to be provided along with the `password` belonging to it and the `path` of the directory (or file) we want to upload.

Reviewer: Directories are files
```suggestion
For uploading to a feed we can use the `feed upload` command. It expects an `identity` to be provided along with the `password` that belongs to it and the `path` of the file (even of a directory) we want to upload.
```

Author: I'm not sure I understand what you mean, can you please clarify?

Please note that the example is about uploading a website which will be most likely a directory. Also I plan to change directory to folder everywhere to be more consistent with the user expectations too.

```
swarm-cli feed upload --identity main --password my-secret-password --path dist
```

In this example we are uploading the content of the `dist` folder. If the uploading was successful the last printed line will contain a `Feed Manifest URL`. This URL can be opened in the browser. If the uploaded folder contains an `index.html` file then it will be automatically added as a default file to be displayed when visiting the URL.

> We can also put this URL into an ENS record or reverse proxy configuration, because it will stay the same when the feed is updated. The uploaded content can be found on the link in the line starting with `URL`. This will change every time the content is modified.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the URL itself should be placed to ENS, as the bee-client host address varies according to the CLI setup (which is `http://localhost:1633` by default)

Author: This is a good point, I will update it.
